Macho Pickle Bee

high

# Front-Running Risk in ETH Bridging Due to Shared Contract Balance Use

## Summary
Potential Race Condition Leading to Incorrect ETH Bridging

## Vulnerability Detail

The `bridgeTransfer` function's use of `address(this).balance` to bridge ETH creates a vulnerability where multiple users' deposits are not individually accounted for, leading to a race condition. When a user initiates a bridge transfer, the entire ETH balance of the contract is used, potentially including ETH deposited by other users. This can result in a user unintentionally bridging not only their own ETH but also the ETH of others who have sent funds to the contract. The outcome depends on the order of transaction processing, which can be influenced by gas fees, allowing for possible front-running. This design flaw can lead to unpredictable and unintended bridging amounts, posing a high risk of loss of funds or incorrect bridging operations.


In a given scenario, Alice sends ETH directly to the contract, which is intended to be bridged. Simultaneously, Bob initiates a `bridgeTransfer` with ETH and a lower gas fee. Due to the contract's use of address(this).balance in the `bridgeTransfer` function, there is a risk of a race condition. If Alice's transaction is processed first because of a higher gas fee, the contract will bridge not only her ETH but also Bob's, since it uses the total balance. Consequently, Bob's transaction may fail due to insufficient balance, or if Bob included ETH with his transaction, it will bridge only the new ETH sent, not accounting for his initial deposit.

## Impact
Users may unintentionally bridge other users' ETH if their transaction is processed first, resulting in the loss of control over the amount of ETH they intended to bridge.
## Code Snippet
[code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-telcoin-platform-audit-update/blob/main/telcoin-contracts/contracts/bridge/BridgeRelay.sol#L44-#L59)

```javascript
  function bridgeTransfer(IERC20 token) external payable {
        // revert if MATIC is attempted
        if (token == MATIC) revert MATICUnbridgeable();
        // unwrap WETH
        if (token == WETH) {
            IERC20Withdrawable(address(WETH)).withdraw(
                WETH.balanceOf(address(this))
            );
            // transfer ERC20 tokens
        } else if (token != ETHER) {
            transferERCToBridge(token);
            return;
        }
        // transfer ETHER
        POS_BRIDGE.depositEtherFor{value: address(this).balance}(address(this));
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The contract should be updated to use msg.value to bridge only the ETH sent in the transaction.
```diff
  function bridgeTransfer(IERC20 token) external payable {
        // revert if MATIC is attempted
        if (token == MATIC) revert MATICUnbridgeable();
        // unwrap WETH
        if (token == WETH) {
            IERC20Withdrawable(address(WETH)).withdraw(
                WETH.balanceOf(address(this))
            );
            // transfer ERC20 tokens
        } else if (token != ETHER) {
            transferERCToBridge(token);
            return;
        }
        // transfer ETHER
-   POS_BRIDGE.depositEtherFor{value: address(this).balance}(address(this));
+ POS_BRIDGE.depositEtherFor{value: msg.value}(address(this));
    }
```