Sour Chiffon Shark

medium

# EOA cannot fully interact with the AmirX smart contract

## Summary
An externally owned account (EOA) can interact with a `Stablecoin` smart contract, meaning it can receive or transfer tokens. However, if an EOA wants to exchange some token for `Stablecoin` using the `AmirX` smart contract, this can only be done through a wallet (smart contract). In other words, an EOA cannot directly interact with the `AmirX` smart contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
A user can exchange any token for `Stablecoin` using dex aggregators.

The `SWAPPER_ROLE` address calls the `AmirX.stablecoinSwap` function and passes the arguments for the swap.
Sometimes, a swap needs to be made using different dex protocols. For this purpose, AmirX uses the defiSwap function, which makes a call to a dex aggregator that performs these swaps.

Inside the `stablecoinSwap` function, the `swapAndSend` function is called, which in turn makes a call to a wallet. 
It turns out that an externally owned account (EOA) cannot interact with `defiswap`.
```solidity
--> if (defi.walletData.length != 0) defiSwap(wallet, safe, defi);

     function defiSwap(
        address wallet,
        address safe,
        DefiSwap memory defi
    ) public payable onlyRole(SWAPPER_ROLE) {
-->     (bool walletResult, ) = wallet.call{value: 0}(defi.walletData);
        require(walletResult, "AmirX: wallet transaction failed");

        _feeDispersal(safe, defi);
    }

```

## Impact
EOA cannot fully interact with the AmirX smart contract.

## Code Snippet
[contracts/swap/AmirX.sol#L87](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-telcoin-platform-audit-update/blob/main/telcoin-contracts/contracts/swap/AmirX.sol#L87)
[contracts/swap/AmirX.sol#L108](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-telcoin-platform-audit-update/blob/main/telcoin-contracts/contracts/swap/AmirX.sol#L108)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider enabling EOAs to fully interact with the AmirX smart contract.
