Digital Mercurial Rabbit

medium

# Not Calling _disableInitializers() function in `ClonableBeaconProxy` contract will lead to exploit.

## Summary
The `ClonableBeaconProxy` contract is missing a call to the _disableInitializers() function in the constructor of the, leaving the proxy vulnerable to potential reinitialization attacks.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `initialize` function should be called only once by the proxy to initialize  the contract's state. OpenZeppelin's Initializable contract provides the _disableInitializers() function, which disables any subsequent calls to the initializer functions of the implementation contract after it has been initialized by the proxy. However, this function is not being called in the constructor of the `ClonableBeaconProxy` contract, leaving it vulnerable to reinitialization attacks.

As it is stated in the OpenZeppelin's Initializable contract. "An uninitialized contract can be taken over by an attacker. This applies to both a proxy and its implementation contract, which may impact the proxy. To prevent the implementation contract from being used, you should invoke the {_disableInitializers} function in the constructor to automatically lock it when it is deployed"

## Impact
The not calling of _disableInitializers() in the constructor of the `ClonableBeaconProxy` contract allows potential attackers to exploit the proxy by reinitializing the beacon.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-telcoin-platform-audit-update/blob/main/telcoin-contracts/contracts/external/openzeppelin/ClonableBeaconProxy.sol#L39

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The recommended mitigation is to call _disableInitializers() function in the constructor of the  `ClonableBeaconProxy` contract . This will prevent the initialization function from being called more than once, safeguarding the proxy against reinitialization attacks.

Recommendation in code:-
```javascript
 /// @custom:oz-upgrades-unsafe-allow constructor
  constructor() {
      _disableInitializers();
  }
```