Digital Mercurial Rabbit

medium

# Not Calling _disableInitializers() in `ProxyFactory` contract constructor can lead to exploit.

## Summary
The `ProxyFactory` contract is not calling _disableInitializers() function in its constructor, can lead to the reinitialization attack by the attacker. Cause the initialize function can be called in implementation contract which in this case is `ProxyFactory`. 

## Vulnerability Detail
It is important to call that the _disableInitializers() function in the constructor of the implementation contract so that `initialize` function is only called once during deployment to initialize the contract's state by proxy. OpenZeppelin's Initializable contract provides the _disableInitializers() function, which prevents any subsequent calls to the initializer functions of the implementation contract after it has been initialized by the proxy. However, this function is not being called in the constructor of the `ProxyFactory contract`, which leads to the reinitialization attacks by reintializing the admin, implementaion contract and proxy.

So we don't need that the `initialize` function is called again once the proxy is deployed. As it is in the OpenZeppelin's Initializable contract. "An uninitialized contract can be taken over by an attacker. This applies to both a proxy and its implementation contract, which may impact the proxy. To prevent the implementation contract from being used, you should invoke the {_disableInitializers} function in the constructor to automatically lock it when it is deployed"

## Impact
Not calling _disableInitializers() in the constructor of the ProxyFactory contract allows attacker to reintialized the admin, implementaion contract and proxy.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-telcoin-platform-audit-update/blob/main/telcoin-contracts/contracts/factories/ProxyFactory.sol#L35

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The recommended mitigation is to call _disableInitializers() function in the constructor of the  `ProxyFactory` contract . This will prevent the initialization function from being called more than once.

Recommendation in code:-
```javascript
 /// @custom:oz-upgrades-unsafe-allow constructor
  constructor() {
      _disableInitializers();
  }
```