Digital Mercurial Rabbit

medium

# Missing _disableInitializers() Call in `Stablecoin` constructor. leads to the calling of `initialize` function inside the implementation contract.

## Summary
The `Stablecoin` contract is not calling _disableInitializers() function in its constructor. This allows the `initialize` function to be called on the implementation contract every time a proxy is deployed, this leads to the reinitialization of state variables.

## Vulnerability Detail
In upgradeable contracts the state is store inside the proxy contract not in the implementation contract so that's why it is important that constructor should call _disableInitializers() function so that the `initialize` function is not called in the implementation contract. However, _disableInitializers() function is not being called in the constructor of the `Stablecoin` contract, allowing the initialize function to be called in implementation contract in this case which is `Stablecoin` contract.

## Impact
Allows the initialize function to be called in implementation contract, which leads reinitialization of state variables.

## Proof Of Concept
The below script shows how the `initialize` function can be called inside the implementation contract.
```javascript
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

pragma solidity ^0.8.24;

import {Script} from "forge-std/Script.sol";
import {console} from "forge-std/Test.sol";
import {Stablecoin} from "../src/stablecoin/Stablecoin.sol";

contract StableCoin is Script{

   
    address public Attacker = makeAddr(("attacker"));

    function run() external returns(Stablecoin, address){
    vm.startBroadcast(Attacker);
    
    Stablecoin StableCoinContract = new Stablecoin();
@>  StableCoinContract.initialize("Attack", "ATK", 18);
    vm.stopBroadcast();


    return (StableCoinContract, Attacker);
    }

}
```

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-telcoin-platform-audit-update/blob/main/telcoin-contracts/contracts/stablecoin/Stablecoin.sol#L47

## Tool used
Manual Review, Foundry

## Recommendation
Ensure that the _disableInitializers() function is called in the constructor of the Stablecoin contract. This will prevent the initialize function from being called on the implementation contract.

```diff
+  constructor() {
+      _disableInitializers();
+       }
```